[0.6.x] Make it abundantly clear Bunny must run in a fiber (#193)
jakubkulhan/bunny: README.md

$bunny->connect();
```

> ### Always run moving parts in a fiber

Reviewer: Since this is a necessary part of using the library (code can be broken in case of a non-Fiber context https://github.com/jakubkulhan/bunny/issues/191), should this chapter be a bit higher than it is now?

Author: Makes perfect sense, also adding a quickstart example right above it

> The major different between Bunny v0.5 and v0.6 is that it's been rebuild using [`Fibers`](https://reactphp.org/async/). This means that every method on `Client` and `Channel` must be called inside a fiber. In the examples this will be called using a `Loop::futureTick` call. In your applications this might be some other trigger like a HTTP request. As long as somewhere in the direct call stack this call is inside a fiber you'll be good.

Reviewer: IMO I think part of "from 0.5 to 0.6" is necessary for the upgrade migration path, but not a generic chapter in the readme

```suggestion
Since v0.6 Bunny has been rebuilt using [`Fibers`](https://reactphp.org/async/). This means that every method on `Client` and `Channel` must be called inside a fiber. In the examples this will be called using a `Loop::futureTick` call. In your applications this might be some other trigger like a HTTP request. As long as somewhere in the direct call stack this call is inside a fiber you'll be good.
```

Author: You're right, it makes more sense in the release notes than here. Thanks for the rewording 👍

> The major different between Bunny v0.5 and v0.6 is that it's been rebuild using [`Fibers`](https://reactphp.org/async/). This means that every method on `Client` and `Channel` must be called inside a fiber. In the examples this will be called using a `Loop::futureTick` call. In your applications this might be some other trigger like a HTTP request. As long as somewhere in the direct call stack this call is inside a fiber you'll be good.

Reviewer: > using [`Fibers`](https://reactphp.org/async/).

Does Bunny Bunny require using ReactPHP's implementation of Fiber context?
If not - I suggest hinting to PHP docs at first, and to hint about the recommended abstraction - ReactPHP's

Author: It's using the ReactPHP implementation

Reviewer: I mean - whether all will work with any other implementation or using pure PHP fibers to wrap call of Bunny's client?

$channel->queueDeclare('queue_name'); // Queue name
```

<details>
  <summary>Full Example</summary>

  ```php
  use Bunny\Client;
  use Bunny\Configuration;
  use React\EventLoop\Loop;
  
  use function React\Async\async;
  
  $configuration = new Configuration(
      host:     'HOSTNAME',
      vhost:    'VHOST',    // The default vhost is /
      user:     'USERNAME', // The default user is guest

>       password: 'PASSWORD', // The default password is guest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      password: 'PASSWORD', // The default password is 'guest'
```

  );
  
  $bunny = new Client($configuration);

>   Loop::futureTick(async(static function (): void {

Reviewer: Why is it necessary to use `Loop::futureTick`, but not `async`? I'm not sure whether it is a necessary detail to be known by the developer for classic use cases (php-fpm with no full async application)

Author: > Why is it necessary to use Loop::futureTick, but not async?

`Loop::futureTick` isn't strictly necessary, `async` is tho. You could do `async(static fn etc etc)()` to start the fiber right away, but using a `Loop::futureTick` schedules it right after the event loop has finished all it's incoming working from the kernel.

> I'm not sure whether it is a necessary detail to be known by the developer for classic use cases (php-fpm with no full async application)

It shouldn't matter to them. Will have a look at adding a section for that tomorrow.

    $bunny->connect(); // No perse needed, as the Client::channel() method also does this, but added for completeness sake
    $channel = $bunny->channel();
    $channel->queueDeclare('queue_name'); // Queue name

>     $channel->close(); // No perse needed, as the Client::disconnect() method also does this, but added for completeness sake

Reviewer: What does it mean "No perse needed"? I'm not sure about the translation.

Reviewer 2: I spotted this, I think he may have meant "Not needed per se, as the Client..."?

Reviewer: I suggest rephrasing it then to make it clear :+1:

Author: So, the client will open a connection when you try to open a channel if it's not connected or in the process of connecting: https://github.com/jakubkulhan/bunny/blob/5a37f769b5c8a1698742fc2394781b37279fe0f1/src/Client.php#L155-L170

Technically, that means there is no need to call `Client::connect()` directly, making Bunny on the connecting side lazy.

Similarly, when calling `Client::disconnect()`, it will close all open channels https://github.com/jakubkulhan/bunny/blob/5a37f769b5c8a1698742fc2394781b37279fe0f1/src/Client.php#L290-L297 . Thus, you don't have to call `Channel::close()` when disconnecting.

Updated the message a bit, but I can also remove them.
